♪ ♪
Yusei, voice-over:
IT HAD BEEN 6 MONTHS
SINCE OUR BATTLE
WITH THE DARK SIGNERS
AND IN THAT TIME,
NEW DOMINO CITY HAD RECEIVED
A BIT OF A FACELIFT.
THE DIVIDE BETWEEN CITY
AND SATELLITE WAS NO MORE--
AND EVEN MORE IMPORTANTLY,
SO WAS THE TENSION
BETWEEN THE 2 PEOPLE
FROM EACH OF THOSE DISTRICTS.
FOR THE FIRST TIME
IN A LONG TIME,
THE FUTURE WAS FINALLY
BEGINNING TO LOOK UP,
IF ONLY I HAD KNOWN
THE HORROR OF WHAT WAS TO COME.
WE'VE SAVED THE WORLD
ONCE BEFORE...
BUT NOW I WONDER IF
OUR DECKS ARE STRONG ENOUGH
TO WITHSTAND THIS
MYSTERIOUS NEW THREAT...
♪ ♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
I CAN'T STAND
THE PRESSURE!
IT'S TOO MUCH TO TAKE!
I'M GOING TO CRACK!
AFTER ALL, IT'S NOT EVERYDAY
YOU MEET YOUR NEW BOSS!
THE BOSS OF THE WHOLE CITY!
THE NEW DIRECTOR!!!
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
I TOLD YOU--NO CALLS!
ACTUALLY, YOU SAID
NO CALLS EXCEPT
FOR EMERGENCIES
AND WE HAVE ONE--A METEOR
HAS STRUCK THE CITY!
YOU CALL THAT
AN EMERGENCY?!
WAIT--A METEOR?!
OH, DEAR--NOW THAT'S
WHAT I CALL AN EMERGENCY!
Primo: EXCELLENT.
IT HAS ARRIVED
IN ONE PIECE.
Lester: YES,
AND ALREADY LEFT QUITE
THE IMPRESSION, I'D SAY.
[SNICKER]
WHAT ELSE
WOULD YOU EXPECT?
IT'S MY CARD.
THAT IT IS.
SO I GUESS
YOU'LL BE FIRST.
LET'S NOT GET AHEAD
OF OURSELVES.
REMEMBER, THERE'S
A PLAN.
AND WE MUST
FOLLOW IT.
Primo: OF COURSE
I REMEMBER--
I CAME UP
WITH IT!
AND IT'S
PERFECT.
I'VE ARRANGED
IT SO THAT
NO ONE CAN STAND
IN OUR WAY!
[GASPS]
HUH?
HMM.
HEY! WHO ARE YOU 3?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?!
I ORDER YOU TO VACATE
THESE PREMISES NOW!
AND I ORDER YOU TO WATCH
YOUR TONGUE, WORM!
MY FRIEND...ALL IS FINE.
THERE'S NO CAUSE FOR ALARM.
NO CAUSE?!
JUST WHO DO YOU
THINK YOU'RE
TALKING TO--[GASP]
NOW, NOW.
IS THIS REALLY
HOW YOU WANT
TO START THINGS OFF...
WITH YOUR NEW DIRECTORS?
NEW...DIRECTORS--
YOU MEAN...
YES. YOU SEE, THE 3 OF US
WILL BE SHARING THE JOB.
[LAUGHS]
THE 3 OF YOU--
OH, MY WORD!
I'M SORRY, NO ONE TOLD ME!
I BEG YOUR FORGIVENESS!
WHAT ARE YOU BUFFOONS
STANDING AROUND FOR?
THESE ARE THE NEW
DIRECTORS, SALUTE THEM!
Security Guards:
TEN HUT!
THAT'S BETTER!
AND FROM NOW ON, YOU'RE TO DO
WHATEVER THEY SAY, UNDERSTOOD?
Security Guards:
YES, SIR!
[THINKING] THIS WILL BE EVEN
EASIER THAN I IMAGINED.
[CRIES OUT]
[ALARM BLARING]
WE GOT COMPANY.
Security Guard: TIME TO SEE
WHO HEADQUARTERS SENT US.
MINA SIMINGTON, SECTOR CHIEF
OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS.
OFFICER TRUDGE,
VICE-CHIEF.
Mina: HOW'S THE VICTIM?
PRETTY BANGED UP,
CAN'T STAY CONSCIOUS
FOR MORE THAN
A FEW MINUTES OR SO.
GUESS WE'LL HAVE TO WAIT
FOR HIS TESTIMONY, THEN.
[GASP]
AND FROM THE LOOKS
OF THAT RUNNER...
IT'LL BE SOME STORY.
THAT'S 5 OF THESE
ACCIDENTS IN A WEEK.
THESE ARE NO
ACCIDENTS, TRUDGE.
THE CITY IS UNDER ATTACK.
♪ ♪
Yusei: SHE'S PURRING
LIKE A KITTEN.
A FEW MORE TWEAKS
AND WE SHOULD BE ABLE
TO TEST THIS NEW ENGINE
AT FULL THROTTLE.
FORGET A FEW MORE
TWEAKS, YUSEI,
I SAY TEST IT NOW!
Jack: WHY NOT? WITH JACK
ATLAS IN THE DRIVER'S SEAT--
WHAT COULD POSSIBLY
GO WRONG?!
[REVVING]
Yusei: A LOT...
JACK, LAY OFF
THE ACCELERATOR!
ACCELERATE MORE? OKAY!
NO! DECELERATE!
[EXPLOSION]
Girl: WHAT WAS THAT?
Second girl:
THAT DIDN'T SOUND GOOD.
Man: WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
[YUSEI AND CROW COUGHING]
HEY, IS EVERYBODY OKAY?
YEAH, WE'RE ALL RIGHT...
THE DUEL RUNNER
ON THE OTHER HAND...
WE PUSHED IT TOO HARD.
WHADAYA MEAN "WE"?
THAT WAS ALL JACK!
I BEG YOUR PARDON--
YOU WERE THE ONE
WHO TOLD ME TO GO
FULL THROTTLE!
PLEASE. SINCE WHEN
DOES JACK ATLAS,
THE SO-CALLED
MASTER OF FASTER,
THE SULTAN OF SPEED,
DO WHAT
SOMEONE ELSE
TELLS HIM TO DO?
CLEARLY, I WAS JUST
TESTING YOUR JUDGMENT--
A TEST YOU FAILED
I MIGHT ADD.
WHY YOU--!!
BRING IT ON!
Zora: THAT'S ENOUGH!
HUH?
UH-OH, OUR LANDLORD!
AW, SHE DOESN'T SCARE ME!
OH, IS THAT SO,
MISTER TOUGH GUY?
WELL, DOES LIVING ON THE STREETS
WITH THE RATS SCARE YA?
'CAUSE I'M THIS CLOSE
TO TOSSING YOU BUMS OUT!
WAIT, NO,
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND!
THAT EXPLOSION,
IT WAS JUST--
Zora: JUST NOTHING!
I'M SICK AND TIRED
OF ALL YOUR EXCUSES
SO DON'T EVEN BOTHER WITH THEM!
SORRY, ZORA, WE'VE
BEEN WORKING ON THE
NEW ENGINE AGAIN.
OHH. YUSEI, DEAR!
SAY NO MORE!
YOU GO AHEAD AND MAKE
ALL THE NOISE YOU WANT!
AFTER ALL, YOU DID
SAVE THE WORLD
FROM THOSE DARK SIGNERS!
I KNOW YOU SAY
IT WAS ALL 3 OF YOU,
BUT YOU REALLY JUST OUGHT
TO QUIT BEING SO MODEST.
SURE, WHATEVER YOU SAY.
[SIRENS BLARING]
HUH?
Man: SECTOR SECURITY?
Boy: WHAT ARE THEY
DOING HERE?
OH, DEAR, PLEASE,
ACCEPT MY APOLOGY.
I KNOW MY TENANTS
CAN BE A BIT NOISY,
BUT THEY REALLY
MEAN NO HARM--
WELL, MAYBE
2 OUT OF THE 3 DO,
BUT YUSEI--
HEH. RELAX, THAT'S NOT
WHY WE'RE HERE.
NO, I'M AFRAID
THERE ARE EVEN BIGGER
ISSUES AT HAND.
OH, MY.
IT SOUNDS SERIOUS!
GENTLEMEN, IF YOU
DON'T MIND...
LET'S TALK INSIDE.
Trudge: DON'T TELL ME
YOU GUYS ARE STILL WORKING
ON THAT NEW
DUEL ENGINE PROTOTYPE.
WE SURE ARE.
AND IF WE CAN EVER
GET THE THING
TO WORK RIGHT,
IT WILL REALLY TAKE OUR GAME
TO THE NEXT LEVEL.
AND THAT'S WHAT IT'S GONNA
TAKE TO WIN THE GRAND PRIX--
THE TOUGHEST, ROUGHEST
DUEL CONTEST
EVER TO HIT NEW DOMINO CITY.
IT'LL BE HERE
BEFORE WE KNOW IT!
RIGHT, AND SINCE IT'S
3 DUELISTS TO A TEAM,
CREATING ONE NEW ENGINE DESIGN
THAT WE CAN ALL USE
IS THE BEST WAY TO SOUP-UP
ALL OUR RUNNERS AT ONCE
AND GUARANTEE THAT VICTORY
AND DUELING IMMORTALITY
WILL BE OURS!
WHAT MORE DO YOU GUYS
HAVE TO PROVE?
YOU ALREADY
SAVED THE WORLD!
IF YA ASK ME,
IT'S ALL RIGHT FOR YA
TO REST ON YOUR LAURELS
A BIT.
Crow: NO WAY!
A TRUE DUELIST
NEVER RESTS!
HE'S ALWAYS TRAINING
AND GETTING BETTER!
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, YUSEI?
Yusei: THAT'S RIGHT, CROW.
BUT WINNING THE GRAND PRIX
ISN'T WHAT I'M TRAINING FOR.
TRUE, WE MAY HAVE
SAVED THE WORLD...
BUT IT WAS CLOSE--
TOO CLOSE FOR COMFORT.
WE NEARLY LOST EVERYTHING
THAT WE CARE FOR.
CROW, I KNOW
YOU AND JACK
CAME OUT OF IT
MORE SURE OF YOUR
DUEL SKILLS THAN EVER...
BUT AS FOR ME,
I'VE NEVER BEEN
MORE UNCERTAIN.
[CLEARS THROAT]
SPEAKING OF UNCERTAINTY...
SECTOR SECURITY HAS
ITS FAIR SHARE THESE DAYS.
LET ME GUESS--
THAT'S WHY YOU'RE HERE.
HAVE YOU HEARD THE RUMORS?
ABOUT THE GHOST?
THE GHOST?
YEAH, I THINK SO.
HE'S THAT GUY WHO'S
SUPPOSED TO APPEAR
AT NIGHT,
CHALLENGE YOU TO A DUEL
AND THEN FORCE YOU
INTO A CRASH, RIGHT?
YEAH. AS YOU KNOW,
WHEN NEW DOMINO CITY
AND SATELLITE
WERE LINKED UP,
TURBO DUELS
WERE LEGALIZED.
IT DIDN'T TAKE LONG
BEFORE ALL TYPES
OF SPECIAL COURSES
WERE BEING BUILT.
BUT IT WASN'T UNTIL
THE GRAND PRIX WAS ANNOUNCED
AND THEY CAME OUT WITH
THAT NEW SPEED WORLD 2 CARD
THAT THINGS REALLY
WENT INTO OVERDRIVE.
DUELISTS FROM ALL OVER
WERE BATTLING
ON SIDE STREETS AND HIGHWAYS,
DAY AND NIGHT.
Crow: OF COURSE THEY WERE.
THERE'S NO BETTER WAY
TO SHARPEN YOUR SKILLS
FOR THE GRAND PRIX
THAN WITH A FREE WHEELIN'
TURBO DUEL.
I AGREE.
BECAUSE THERE ARE SUPPOSED
TO BE SAFETY MEASURES IN PLACE
TO MAKE SURE THAT
NO ONE GETS INJURED.
WAIT, ARE YOU SAYING
THE GHOST'S NOT A RUMOR?
THAT HE'S REAL
AND HE'S FOUND A WAY
TO BYPASS
THE SAFETY MEASURES?
Mina: THAT'S
CORRECT, MR. ATLAS.
YOU'RE QUITE ASTUTE.
DON'T TELL HIM THAT, CHIEF,
IT'LL GO TO HIS HEAD!
SO WHAT'S THIS
GOTTA DO WITH US?
I MEAN, IT'S CLEAR
WHAT HAS TO BE DONE...
SOMEONE'S GOTTA GO OUT
LATE AT NIGHT,
TAKE HIM ON IN A TURBO DUEL
AND BEAT HIM!
EXACTLY RIGHT.
SO HOW ABOUT IT?
UH, SO HOW ABOUT WHAT?
OH, NO!
I KNOW WHERE YOU'RE
GOING WITH THIS, TRUDGE,
AND YOU CAN
JUST FORGET IT!
DON'T GET ME WRONG, I HATE
THAT PEOPLE ARE GETTING HURT,
BUT WE'VE GOT THE GRAND PRIX
TO PREPARE FOR
AND WE DON'T HAVE
ANY TIME TO SPARE!
YOU GUYS ARE SECURITY,
YOU TAKE CARE OF IT!
THANKS FOR DROPPING IN!
GREAT SEEING YOU! BYE!
NOW...LET'S GET BACK
TO WORK, SHALL WE?
UH...
ALL RIGHT.
YOU TAKE REJECTION
PRETTY WELL, TRUDGE.
HOW ELSE SHOULD I TAKE IT?
WHAT CROW SAID WAS RIGHT.
JUST BECAUSE THEY
SAVED THE CITY ONCE
SHOULDN'T MEAN
THEY HAVE TO STEP UP
EVERY TIME
THERE'S A PROBLEM.
THEY SHOULD BE ALLOWED
TO LIVE THEIR LIVES
HOWEVER THEY LIKE.
WE'RE SECURITY, SO WE
SHOULD CATCH THIS GUY.
BUT HOW?
[THINKING] BY DOING EXACTLY
WHAT CROW SUGGESTED...
ALL RIGHT, MEN, YOU SEE
ANY SIGN OF THE GHOST
AND YOU RADIO TO ME!
[THINKING] IT'S MY TURN
TO BE THE HERO.
AFTER ALL, HOW HARD
COULD IT BE?
♪ ♪
FEELS GOOD TO HAVE
A DUEL DISK STRAPPED ON.
[THINKING] IN FACT,
I DON'T THINK I'VE HAD
A TURBO DUEL
IN THE LINE OF DUTY
SINCE THE GOOD OLD DAYS
WITH YUSEI.
AND IF HE HAD THE CHOPS
TO SAVE THE CITY THEN SO DO I.
AND TONIGHT, I'M GONNA
PROVE IT TO EVERYONE!
Duel Runner Computer:
UNIDENTIFIED DUELIST
APPROACHING.
WHADAYA KNOW? AN UNREGISTERED
DUEL RUNNER...
JACKPOT! IT MUST BE
THE GHOST!
AND HE'S FORCING ME
INTO A TURBO DUEL, PERFECT!
LET'S DO THIS!
I ACTIVATE
THE FIELD SPELL...
SPEED WORLD 2!
Duel Runner Computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTO-PILOT ACTIVATED.
HOPE YOU CAN KEEP UP!
MY MOVE!
AND I SUMMON
SAMURAI SWORD BARON!
BUT SINCE I WENT FIRST,
I CAN'T ATTACK WITH HIM.
SO I'LL END MY TURN THERE.
THEN IT'S TO ME!
AND I SUMMON WISE CORE
IN DEFENSE MODE!
ALSO, I'LL PLACE
2 CARDS FACEDOWN!
THIS IS THE DUELIST THAT
EVERYONE IS SO AFRAID OF?
HE PLAYS A MONSTER
WITH ZERO ATTACK POINTS? HA.
BEATING HIM AND LOCKING HIM UP
WILL BE EASIER THAN I THOUGHT.
I'M GONNA PUT YOU
IN CUFFS, GHOST!
MY TURN.
I SUMMON
JUTTE FIGHTER!
AND NOW I'M
GOING TO TUNE HIM
WITH MY
SAMURAI SWORD BARON
FOR
A SYNCHRO SUMMON!
SAY HELLO TO
GOYO GUARDIAN!
AND SAY GOOD-BYE
TO YOUR MONSTER
BECAUSE WHEN
GOYO GUARDIAN
TAKES DOWN
THAT WISE CORE,
HE STEALS IT TO MY
SIDE OF THE FIELD!
DO YOUR THING, GOYO!
NOT SO FAST,
I ACTIVATE NEGATE ATTACK!
SO THAT'S HOW YOU WANNA
PLAY IT, EH, GHOST?
FINE, YOU MAY HAVE
STOPPED HIS ATTACK,
BUT HIS ATTACK POINTS
ARE STILL
LOCKED AND LOADED
FOR NEXT ROUND!
BUT BEFORE WE GET
TO THAT, TAKE THIS!
I ACTIVATE THE SPEED SPELL,
COUNT UP!
IT LETS ME GAIN
2 SPEED COUNTERS
FOR EVERY CARD I SEND
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
THE EFFECT OF SPEED WORLD 2!
NOW, BY REMOVING
4 SPEED COUNTERS,
I DEAL 800 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EACH SPEED SPELL
IN MY HAND!
AND SINCE I CURRENTLY HOLD
2 SPEED SPELLS...
YOU TAKE 1,600 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
FEEL THE HEAT!
[GRUNTS]
HEY, LOOK ON
THE BRIGHT SIDE,
SINCE YOU TOOK DAMAGE
FROM SPEED WORLD 2,
YOU DON'T LOSE ANY
OF YOUR SPEED COUNTERS.
YOUR TURN NOW!
AND I'LL MAKE YOU
PAY WITH IT!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
SPARK BREAKER.
IT DESTROYS
ALL THE MONSTERS
ON MY FIELD!
WHAT?
WHY WOULD YOU WANT TO DESTROY
YOUR OWN MONSTERS?
BECAUSE WHEN
WISE CORE IS DESTROYED
DUE TO A CARD EFFECT,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
MACHINE EMPEROR WISEL
FROM MY DECK OR HAND.
[GRUNTING]
[GASP]
NO! GOYO GUARDIAN!
NO WAY!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
[CRIES OUT]
HUH?
[YAWNS] ANOTHER NIGHT SHIFT
IN THE BOOKS!
HOLDING DOWN A JOB AND BEING
A FULL TIME DUELIST
SURE TAKES IT OUTTA YOU.
[SIREN BLARING]
HUH?
[GASPS]
[GROAN]
Crow: TRUDGE!
I GOTTA TELL THE GUYS.
CROW, MINA!
Crow: HEY, FELLAS...
WHERE'S TRUDGE?!
THE ER.
WILL HE MAKE IT?
THE DOCTORS AREN'T SURE YET.
HUH?
Crow: TRUDGE!
Doctor: NURSE,
PREP THE O.R. STAT!
[GROANS]
WHAT HAPPENED?!
WHO DID THIS?
THE GHOST...
WATCH OUT...
SYNCHRO'S ARE USELESS...
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
Doctor: THERE'S NO TIME
TO LOSE, LET'S MOVE!
Jack: SO TRUDGE TOOK ON
THE GHOST ALL ALONE?
I'M AFRAID SO...
HE REALLY TOOK
WHAT YOU GUYS SAID
TO HEART...
THAT THIS
WAS SOMETHING
SECURITY SHOULD FIX.
BUT I GUESS IT WAS
A BIT MORE THAN
HE COULD HANDLE.
MAN! THIS IS ALL MY FAULT!
I'M THE ONE
WHO TURNED HIM DOWN!
HE'S ALL BANGED UP
BECAUSE OF ME!
STOP IT, CROW.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
AND PLAYING THE BLAME GAME
ISN'T GONNA SOLVE A THING.
IT CERTAINLY ISN'T
GOING TO STOP THE GHOST.
THEN WHAT?
SHOULD WE ALL
JUST SIT AROUND HERE
AND POUT?
Yusei: ACTUALLY...
I HAVE A BETTER IDEA.
WE GO FIND THE GHOST
AND WE TAKE HIM DOWN!
RIGHT, NO ONE HURTS
ONE OF OUR PALS
AND GETS AWAY WITH IT!
ALL RIGHT!
LET'S GO! YEAH!
LOVELY NIGHT FOR A DUEL!
I'LL SAY! AND FOR
SOME MAJOR PAYBACK!
THIS IS GONNA BE FUN!
♪ ♪
LOOKS LIKE THE SUN
IS STARTING TO COME UP.
WE'VE BEEN RIDING AROUND
ALL NIGHT LONG
AND THERE HASN'T BEEN
ONE SIGN OF THE GHOST!
[BEEPING]
HUH?
Duel Runner computer:
UNIDENTIFIED DUELIST
APPROACHING FROM THE REAR.
THE GHOST!
IT'S JUST GOTTA BE!
ALL RIGHT!
GET HIM!
SETTING SPEED WORLD 2!
Duel Runner Computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTO-PILOT ACTIVATED.
A TURBO DUEL IS
ABOUT TO COMMENCE.
ALL NON-DUELING VEHICLES
MUST VACATE
THE COMBAT LANE IMMEDIATELY.
Yusei: IT'S GO TIME!
Duel Runner Computer:
FORMULATING CROSS-TOWN
DUEL COURSE
AND AWAITING
CENTRAL GRID AUTHORITY'S
OFFICIAL AUTHORIZATION...
AUTHORIZATION GRANTED.
COMBAT LANE
TRANSFIGURATION UNDERWAY.
LET'S REV IT UP!
ME FIRST!
AND I THINK I'LL SUMMON
WISE CORE FROM MY HAND!
Duel Runner Computer:
WISE CORE IS A LEVEL ONE
DARK ATTRIBUTE
MACHINE TYPE MONSTER
WITH ZERO ATTACK POINTS
AND ZERO DEFENSE POINTS.
THEN, I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
TO END MY TURN.
A MONSTER WITH
ZERO ATTACK POINTS?
MY TURN NOW!
YOU MAY NOT CARE
FOR ATTACK POINTS,
BUT I TEND TO LIKE THEM,
COME ON OUT MAX WARRIOR!
[ROARS]
NOW, MAX WARRIOR,
ATTACK WISE CORE!
OH, AND BY THE WAY,
WHEN MAX WARRIOR ATTACKS,
HE GAINS 400 POINTS
TO HELP WITH HIS ASSAULT!
NOW LET HIM HAVE IT!
NO, HE'LL KEEP IT
BECAUSE I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP LABYRINTH OF KLINE!
THIS MAKES ALL BATTLE DAMAGE
FOR THE TURN BECOME ZERO
AND KEEPS ANY MONSTERS
FROM GETTING DESTROYED!
BUT THERE'S MORE, THE MONSTER
THAT WAGED THE ATTACK
NOW HAS HIS
ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS
SWAPPED WITH HIS
ORIGINAL DEFENSE POINTS!
HE'S PROTECTING
THAT WISE CORE...
BUT THE QUESTION IS, WHY?
OH, WELL.
IF I DESTROY IT,
IT WON'T MATTER,
WHICH IS WHY
I'M GONNA SPECIAL SUMMON
TURBO BOOSTER!
YA SEE, SINCE I SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMONED A MONSTER THIS TURN,
I'M NOW ALLOWED TO SPECIAL
SUMMON TURBO BOOSTER
FROM MY HAND.
HE WON'T HANG AROUND FOR LONG,
BUT LONG ENOUGH FOR ME
TO TAKE DOWN YOUR WISE CORE!
THAT'S RIGHT, SINCE HE
MIXED IT UP WITH MAX WARRIOR,
HE'S FAIR GAME TO TAKE DOWN!
WHY THANK YOU.
FOOL, DON'T YOU KNOW?
WHEN WISE CORE IS
DESTROYED DUE TO AN EFFECT,
ALL MONSTERS ON MY FIELD
ARE DESTROYED,
BUT I THEN GET TO SUMMON
MACHINE EMPEROR
WISEL INFINITY,
WISEL TOP,
WISEL ATTACK,
WISEL GUARD,
AND WISEL CARRIER
FROM MY DECK OR MY HAND!
IMPOSSIBLE! 5 MONSTERS
SUMMONED AT ONCE?!
THAT DEPENDS ON
HOW YOU LOOK AT IT!
I ACTIVATE
THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF MACHINE EMPEROR
WISEL INFINITY!
[GHOST LAUGHS]
HUH?
FROM 5 COMES ONE,
AND NOW YOU'RE DONE!
UH-OH...
SO MUCH FOR PAYBACK!